Drug Runners and  a U.S. Senator have something to do with the Murder http://www.amazon.com/Circumstantial-Evidence-Getting-Florida-Bozarth-ebook/dp/B004FPZ452/ref=pd_rhf_p_t_1 The State Attorney Knows... NOW So Will You. GET Ypur Copy TODAY
Heres a single, to add, to Kindle. Just read this 19th century story: "The Ghost of Round Island". Its about a man (French/American Indian) and his dog sled transporting a woman across the ice, from Mackinac Island to Cheboygan - and the ghost that...
If you tire of Non-Fiction.. Check out http://www.amazon.com/s/ref=nb_sb_noss?url=search-alias%3Daps&field-keywords=danielle+lee+zwissler+&x=0&y=0
"Ghost of Round Island" is supposedly nonfiction.
Why is Barnes and Nobles version of the Kindle so much more expensive than the Kindle?
@Maria:  Do you mean the Nook?  Be careful, books you buy for the Kindle are for that piece of electronics, and vice versa.  I love my Kindle, there are people that swear by the Nook.  They like the color screen.Me?  I want an ereader that is a reader-- so I dont need color.  The kindle battery lasts longer, and the unit isnt as heavy, which can make a difference after reading for a few hours. :)
kindle is awesome! mines great
I love mine!!!!
Meh. I think Singles are a bad idea. Big name authors already dominate the market by a huge factor. Now you are letting them compete on price point with indie authors (albeit giving less content for the money).
My daugjhter loves hers!
I am not sure if i just got my update but now i dont have location numbers unless i press the menu button.  But i also dont have page numbers! Am i doing something wrong?
Got a Kindle for Xmas and I love it.   Never was much of a book reader, but this has been fun.  I am on my 5th book since Christmas!
I dont have the patience for kindle singles. If Im gonna read, I need at least 200 pages.
Love the new singles ~ am reading Jodi Picoults right now while waiting till Tuesday for her new book to come out!
Not a fan of Kindle Singles.  They clog up the Kindle Book page and its tough to sort through full-legnth new releases because there are so, so many Singles there.
Best thing since sliced bread.
we love our kindles......
can anybody tell me if the FREE chapters of TICK TOC by Patterson are a summary of each chapter or the real deal....my kindle jumps 5-10 % of read with each page I read and I have real big text...thank you!
Love  my kindle, too!  Also enoyed the New York Times article...thought provoking as well kindle loving.
Yeah once u get a kindle its hard to put it down sumtimes because there r so many books to choose from I luv mine as well
What is a single?
anyone know how to legthen the time before the kindle go into screen saver mood????????
LOVE my Kindle..not sure if I got the update or not, though because I dont see any difference when I read. Color? I dont need color to read so Kindle is perfect. And Singles, Ive read a few, not  really a fan or not oen way or another..I just like to read so I read whatever looks interesting at the time. Did I say....LOVE my Kindle? I sure do!!
Its just too bad you arent offering these for the Original Kindle.  Seems like those of us who got on your bandwagon first are just left in the dust.
love this kindle....
AND Then There IS www.amazon.com/Circumstantial-Evidence-Getting-Florida-Bozarth-ebook/dp/B004FPZ452/ref=pd_rhf_p_t_1  CAN You Solve this Mystery.  Get your Copy TODAY on Amazon for Kindle
you arent missing a thing, I tried this game and it sucks!
I have a couple games on my kindle...only problem is my family seems to think I put them on there for them...
why dont you make it free? Its not all about money you know...
So let me get this straight...Kindle is now a gaming device?  Dont jump the shark Kindle...please dont!
True Anders...although they are in it for the money:) Otherwise they wouldnt be in existence.
Can we play these games on the kindle app on ipad?
Mr. Meisch, its ok; calm down :-P. Yes, they have games but the ones that I have tried (I have about 5 on my Kindle along with 30 gazillion books) are either text based or just simple time killers. So far they are actually decent (well, what Ive tried is anyway. Ive heard of some awful ones).I have the one they are touting here and its... ok. Not my favorite (try Triple Town; its addictive) but this one is decent enough. The beginning is too easy by far, the middle is good and the end levels are killer.
Is that right? Only the original Kindle? What about the 2nd generation?
They have free games also: blackjack, poker and word games.
I love Every Word and Video Poker. For when your not reading.
Are there any stand-alone interactive fiction (text adventure) games? I know there are some online ones but I dont have 3g and Id like to play away from wifi.
Kindle is a book... Stop making it into somthing its not...leave the games to other moble devices...
Has anyone developed any games for the 1st generation Kindle?  Im not going to get a new one just to play games...Even though I would like to have the option...
I play Triple Town its fun...if you dont want the games, dont get them!
I have a few games on my kindle and I enjoy them.  I also enjoy the fact that while traveling I dont have to take multiple devices in order to stay busy while on an airplane or riding in a car.
If you dont like the games, dont buy them. I have a few games and its fun to be able to play a few games when I dont feel like reading. Not all of us have those fancy schmancy smart phones.
How does the kindle having an "OPTION" to download and play games on it ruin the experience of your Kindle? Complaining about it doesnt make any sense.
Yes De ra you can get it on the iPad. I just bought it.
love playing games on my kindle.
Love triple town too 
Some people just love to complain about everything. Like someone said if you dont want the games dont get them. Duh!!!!
um,how how do you play this on the kindle?
got it and it is so much fun and very addicting
You can play it on the original. I just downloaded it for 99 cents
Its harder to play because you dont have color. Just pretend 
Some people may want games on their Kindle,thats fine, but i prefer to use my Kindle as a EReader.   Love My Kindle !!!!
I dont have color on my kindle..maybe I will wait for others to say how they like it.
OK I bit
kindle just 4 months old and went kaput!  wont turn on
Call customer service and they will replace it immediately no questions asked.
LOVE my Kindle....reading and I play Scrabble...love this thing:)
@Fitzwater Gale - No one has color on their Kindle.
Sure do LOVE my KINDLE!
I love my Kindle!!!
Best present ever... and I didnt even ask for one! My Mum knows me so well! <3
love my new 3G kindle too!!
me too!  I love my kindle!
old school kindle 4 life
My kindle is one of my most prized possessions
:))
My Beloved
I got one for my birthday and I just <3 it!!!! Its awesome, I can put all my books into it....btw, does anyone know how to get books onto your Kindle that you have previously bought in paper??????
I love my favorite thing, my Kindle
LOVE, LOVE my Kindle. It is so easy and convenient to take with me everywhere.  ♥
my husband bought me one i use it daily it is awesome words can say it
I love my kindle!
Love my kindle too!
Just wish I had more time to read for pleasure..not just for school
i think you have the beginning to a great country song!
Each day I like my Kindle more than the day before.   I am a total fan.
Clara not all books can be gotten on kindle but you can check them out on Amazon.
No loosing my bookmarks again !! My kindles the only thing i allow In my bed at night :) !!
I stay up reading now til my eyes just wont stay open! <3 my kindle!
@Cara Bolton. Unfortunately, you have to re-purchase them, which I just did yesterday with three books. I figure, its worth the investment. :)
I love every minute I spend with my new friend, MY Kindle.  I read myself to sleep every night.  Love the beautiful red leather lighted cover!  I NEVER leave home w/o it!
If it werent for all the typ0s, spelling errors, missingspaces and stuff in every single book (no matter what price) my Kindle would be the best thing ever!!
would love a program to allow us to sell back read books and or games for a kindle credit. how about it!
would love a program to allow us to sell back read books and or games for a kindle credit. how about it!
Just dropped my quality medical mystery to 99 cents for kindle just to show that price has nothing to do with quality writing. Title is Floaters, not to be confused with Joe Konraths or Joe Waumgauhs Floaters.
iPad + Kindle app = AWESOME!
I really like the Kindle. Difficult to write sentences and use some word games due to the tiny letters. Overall, the Kindle is wonderful.
i love mine enough to marry the dam thing
Some day I may have one then I would be more than happy to think or even compose a "song"....till then...............whawha
Me too!!!  I love my Kindle!!!
i love mine - thanks margie
just love it!!
Thanks @John Zaffino
I have loved my kindle ever since I first was given mine almost 2 yrs ago now :)
love my kindle best thing invented
Love my Kindle! Best thing ever!!!
Agree with all the above - LOVE MY Kindle 3G!  :)
I bought Kindles for 2 sisters who love to read. They were so excited. Shortly afterwards a friend bought me a Kindle. I now know what the rave is all about. I havent put it down. And getting books are easier than going to bookstores; and cheaper. Thx
Love my kindle !
I love, love, my Kindle...my only caveats....I miss the wonderful artwork on the covers of paperbacks..and photos in magazines..and I love to share my books with others, so I cant loan any to my young adult kids and friends..bummer..and how many can you archive? I like to re-read some of my books.
I love my Kindle - it is a must have
I love love love my Kindle!!
I love mine too.
I love my Kindle.  I have had it for several years.  I asked them at Staples how you go about upgrading my Kindle but they had no clue.
I want a Kindle soooo badly! Ive got in on my b-day "want" list :)
This site is so helpful. I got my books into categories. I have to figure out how to highlight to check a word in the dictionary. 
Kindles rule , they should have them in school , theyre so cool,lalala,A Kindle read is better than speed, lalala! Ok, Im guessing I fail as a songwriter! Ill stick to reading on my Kindle!
i bet theres a book to download for that...
Yesterday / When my Kindle seemed so far away ...
Suddenly / Waiting time is half of what it used to be
I love my kindle also but I do have one problem. My favorite authors are John Saul, Robin Cook and Patricia Cornwell but I cant ever find them on the free list. :(
Love, love, love, my Kindle!!
Took my Kindle with me on our 10 day cruise Awesome!!!!
I have a Kindle. Dont you want one too?If you get a kindle, Ill share my books with you!
I love my kindle thanks honey
My husband tells me that my Kindle is my true love!
Best present i ever got was my kindle!! the battery lasts for months!!
I lovingly refer to my Kindle as my "Crackle" because its so addictive!
@Cara if you have the time and dont want to pay the extra you can scan your all books into caliber (an open format program) and convert them into mobi files. Is really better to just repurchase (since it is faster) but for short stuFf and college papers.  I love scanning them and converting the file.  You must scanned in as a PDF the use caliber for the conversion.
One of the BEST gifts I have ever received.
"I love my little Kindle,My electronic book. Id rather have a KindleThan a S*ny or a N**k"
not to many Men ?????????
I just ordered a waterproof cover! Yay!
Got a kindle for my birthday from my wife and have read so much since. Great for waiting rooms at doctors offices, snatches of time just about anywhere. Very handy device. I Finally have something to look forward to at the beach this summer.
Anyone know what "EVERY WORD" is..and is it free?
I downloaded some awesome freebooks today
Received mine for Christmas.. I have rediscovered reading.. Thank you Kindle, thank you Amazon. 
@Robert Walker, I just purchased your book and put the rest of the series on my wish list.  Love a good mystery!  Thanks.
If prices dont go back down, the love affair is OVER.
Thank you!!!
Best thing ever invented
Rose, I downloaded Every Word onto my Kindle. It was free then, about 6 months ago. It is a fun wordgame, if you like word games. It gives you 6-7 letters per level and you try to make as many words as you can. They place the words that you have come up with in alphabetical order so you can see what you might be missing.  I like it.
How about lending or access to the local library?
How about lending or access to the local library?
My favorite thing about my Kindle is that I can play Scrabble to my hearts content!
Your funny Joyce!
Ok Robert Walker send your book!
Why can I not get Water for Elephants on my Kindle in Canada?????
It is my strange addiction!  I cant put it down.
I love my kindle.  I take it with me so many places.  The best is having it with while shopping with my wife! So handy.
I read and read and read because of my Amazon Kindle, love love love it.
Thank you robert walker
I should have signed Phyllis, the Kindle was a gift to Peter from our daughters for his birthday in Oct. I read the first book and havent stopped since. My husband said my wife perfers to go to bed with her Kindle instead of me he he. Phyllis
Me too, me too! I LOVE mine, wouldnt want to read without it!
I just bought that book and 2 more of your books
Love mine so much I just bought another one for my husband so that I can have my own all to myself.  I use it for many, many things other than e-book reading, although it excels at that.
I love my Kindle, and its not even one of the new ones!  Just love to read anything anywhere...
Love my Kindle, and am enjoying reading Alice in Wonderland with my Granddaughters
I know what took it so long?
Me too!
Me too!
I treasure my kindle it has brought me so much joy. The best thing ever..........
Library access, please and thank you!
Love love love my kindle! It has made reading psych articles for dissertation much more convenient. I have also rediscovered that I like reading books for pleasure - who knew?
I do know how to do that!
Andy Angel I love your little jingle!
RoseI am so addicted to "every word"! Love it!  It was free when I downloaded it!
Me and my Kindle strolling down the avenue =o)
song????  Only slightly plagarized.....Kindle, I think I love you, so what was I so afraid of, you only want to make me happy, so if you say, hey, go away I will, but I think better still I better stay around and love you.  do you think I have a case?  let me ask you to your face?  do you think you love me?  I THINK I LOVE YOU!
I was having a problem with my Kindle, where it kept freezing up on me. I mean every time I went to read, I had to defreeze it. I was starting to get worried - was I going to have to deal with this or did I have a defected Kindle. So I finally called for help again - I wanted to enjoy my reading time. I explained my problem, and sure enough, there was a problem - it was the type of cover I purchased, I guess it messes it up somehow. So they kindly refunded my purchase and I bought a different one and it was the best fix ever. I no longer have any problems - I truly love my Kindle.
My kindle was a late Christmas gift to myself. I truly believe is the greatest invention since peanut butter. Not overly complicated or overly pretentious. Sexy in its simplicity, elegant in its usefulness. I love my kindle
My kindle froze and when I rebooted everything in my archives was gone. Is that a problem from that last update? :(
I LOVE my Kindle!! Easy to read and take anywhere!! I have read some really great books lately! Right now reading Kelly Cutrones book! Love it!!
Love love my Kindle !!! Never never leave home without it. 
I like my kindle!!!!
I <3 my Kindle! Thank u Santa!
I bought myself a kindle for Christmas . I bought 2 books, the other are free ones  and I have 41 books .   Love it
I love my kindle, the ability to change fonts, look up words in the dictionary, make notes and did I mention my favorite, text to speech for my 1 hour commute.  I dont have to put my book down, I just let it read to me.  I LOVE IT!!!!!
My Kindle is GREAT at the gym. Set the treadmill for one hour, turn on my Kindle and before I know it, times up! Its the best!
My Kindle was a Christmas gift from my daughters and their husbands. I LOVE it!!! I take it everywhere. Its so much easier to always have with me than a book. I have arthritis in my hands and the Kindle does not hurt them when I hold it. I can lay it down to read and the pages dont flop open:) Im reading a greater variety of books and enjoy the Word Search game. Plan to get Scrabble soon. Its one of the best gifts Ive received!! I really appreciate the updates and instructions posted on fb.
Love my Kindle!! One of the best gifts Ive received!!!!!
I love my Kindle. Thank you Stephanie. BEST gift ever!!
I never could have anticipated how much I would love my Kindle!
@Kathy..ty for the response..Ill look into it:)
I love my Kindle so much, I snuggle with it every night.
I have the 2nd generation but am thinking of getting the new one. Thoughts???
kindle in the waiting room at the docs office,kindle in the waiting room at the pharmacy, surrounded by nooks and kindles in waiting rooms these days. soooo convenient
Im gonna gag. 
Id like to teach the world to read, the perfect work of words, and ..., ..., ..., .....
After buying our first Kindle about a year ago, we now have three in the family. Definitely the way to go for those who enjoy reading. Save the forests, buy a Kindle!
I love my Kindle! Thanks Julie for giving it to me! My best ever gift!!!I love the free books that are available and I love the recommendations based on your book purchases! I take  my Kindle everywhere and I especially love it for traveling and holidays! Give a Kindle to someone you love or encourage a child to read more by giving them a Kindle! It will get them excited about reading!
l would so like to share the books ive purchased with my friends....
How do you download and play games on Kindle? I didnt know you could do this!
can someone tell me.when you use the web...is it in color like the nook??
louise - you buy them from the amazon store. Theyre currently only available in the us which leaves the rest of the world waiting
No
How do we lobby for cheaper ebooks? Saw new book advertised yesterday at train station for £3.49 in a shop and went to Kindle store and it was £9.99! Quite a difference......
I order this week and am SO excited. Spent weeks picking out my cover choices etc.
Well thats not fair! Come on Amazon - the rest of the world wants to play games too!
:) I did write a song :) I love my kindle! Lol
My wife got me the Kindle dx for Valentines since I read a lot..I just love it, where ever I go it goes with me.I warp into another world as I start reading..n Kindle really doesnt get in the way!! Totally floored..:)
One of our local schools in the County is looking into using Kindles in the classroom for every student! WOW! They say it would be cheaper than expensive Textbooks and could save money!
I carry my Kindly in my purse next to my cell phone.  Would not be without it.  It is the best gadget I ever owned (second to it is my Keurig coffee maker).  K and K, Kindle and coffee, what could be better.
Lets all try to persuade Kindle to allow us to download snooks from our local Libraries.   Your Library may not provide this facility now but it will, I believe, very soon.   Be prepared.   Meanwhile check out the Overdrive Media Console app.   With this you can access your Library and download snooks and audio books to your iPod touch/pad/phone etc.   I still prefer my Kindle so come on Kindle, be good to us!
ebooks not snooks.
And then you could download it to your Kindle and listen to it!
I would love to love a Kindle but it needs to be library ebook friendly first :(